PANDORA

Features:

1. Music Streaming
2. Radio stations
3. Miscellanous

Music Streaming Conditionals:

1. If music is currently playing, pressing the pause button pauses the music.
2. If music is currently paused, pressing the play button resumes the music.
3. Pressing the forward button moves to the next song.
4. Pressing the replay button starts the current song over.
5. If there is an active internet connection, music is streamed.
6. If offline listening is toggled on and there is no active internet connection 
then the music from your offline station will be played.

Music Streaming User Stories:

1. As a User, I can pause my music.
2. As a User, I can resume my music from where it left off.
3. As a User, I can skip a song if I don't like it.
4. As a User, I can listen to the current song again if I liked it.
5. As a User, I can stream music with an internet connection.
6. As a User, I can still listen to music should my internet connection go down.


Radio stations conditionals:

1. If create station button is clicked, a new radio station is created.
2. The created station is visible in a list along with other created stations.
3. The radio station created is congruent with the seeded song/artist the user put in; made the correct station.
4. If a station is deleted, it is removed from list of radio stations.
5. Radio station details, such as seeded song/artist, are modifiable.
6. If station is shared with another user, that user can get a copy of the shared station.
7. If a song is Thumbed-up on a station, that song is added to the radio stations liked songs list and songs that are similar
to it will play more often on the station.
8. If a song is thumbed-down on a station, that song will no longer play on the station.

Radio Stations user stories:

1. As a User, I can create a new radio station.
2. As a User, I can easily view and access my collection of radio stations.
3. As a User, I can expect my created station to have music that is similar to what I seeded it with.
4. As a User, I can remove radio stations from  my collection of radio stations.
5. As a User, I can make changes to existing radio stations.
6. As a User, I can share my radio stations with others.
7. As a User, I can expect to hear more content similar to what I've explicitly liked.
8. As a User, I can filter away songs by disliking them.

Miscellanous Conditionals:

1. If user has premium no advertisements are played.
2. App still functions if in background.
3. If user has profile picture, display picture on profile page.
4. Comments on artists/albums/songs can be written and read by users.
5. If alarm is set-up then pandora starts up and plays music at the time set.
6. If sleep timer is active, then pandora turns off once the timer reaches the allotted time.

Miscellanous user Stories:

1. As a Premium User, I can listen to music without ad interruptions.
2. As a User, I can continue to listen to music even if I turn the screen off or open other apps.
3. As a User, I can set a profile picture on my account.
4. As a User, I can share my opinions on songs/artists/albums with the community.
5. As a User, I can set an alarm to have pandora wake me up with the radio station of my choice.
6. As a User, I can set a sleep timer to have pandora itself off.
